add limit doc (#4711)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-iox/limit.md

---
title: The LIMIT clause
list_title: The LIMIT clause
description: > 
    Use the `LIMIT` clause to filter query results based on a spcified condition.
menu:
  influxdb_cloud_iox:
    name: The LIMIT clause
    parent: Explore data using SQL
weight: 270
---

> The `LIMIT` clause limits the number of rows in the result to a maximum count which is a non-negative integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `LIMIT` clause limits the number of rows returned by a query to a specified non-negative integer.
```

- [Syntax](#syntax)
- [Examples](#examples)

> ### Syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax
```

```sql

SELECT_clause FROM_clause [WHERE_clause] [GROUP_BY_clause] [ORDER_BY_clause] LIMIT <N>

-- Example
SELECT a, b
FROM measurement
LIMIT 10

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```sql
SELECT_clause FROM_clause [WHERE_clause] [GROUP_BY_clause] [ORDER_BY_clause] LIMIT <N>
```
~~~

> ### Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

> Limit the results to a specified number:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Limit results to a maximum of five rows
```

```sql
SELECT "water_level","location", "time"
FROM "h2o_feet" 
LIMIT 5

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```sql
SELECT
  "water_level","location", "time"
FROM
  "h2o_feet" 
LIMIT
  5
```
~~~

> Results:
> 
> | location     | time                     | water_level |
> | :----------- | :----------------------- | ----------- |
> | coyote_creek | 2019-08-28T00:00:00.000Z | 4.206       |
> | coyote_creek | 2019-08-28T00:06:00.000Z | 4.052       |
> | coyote_creek | 2019-08-28T00:12:00.000Z | 3.901       |
> | coyote_creek | 2019-08-28T00:18:00.000Z | 3.773       |
> | coyote_creek | 2019-08-28T00:24:00.000Z | 3.632       |
> 
> The query returns a total of 5 results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< expand-wrapper >}}
{{% expand "View example results" %}}
The query returns a maximum of 5 results.

| location     | time                     | water_level |
| :----------- | :----------------------- | ----------- |
| coyote_creek | 2019-08-28T00:00:00.000Z | 4.206       |
| coyote_creek | 2019-08-28T00:06:00.000Z | 4.052       |
| coyote_creek | 2019-08-28T00:12:00.000Z | 3.901       |
| coyote_creek | 2019-08-28T00:18:00.000Z | 3.773       |
| coyote_creek | 2019-08-28T00:24:00.000Z | 3.632       |
{{% /expand %}}
{{< /expand-wrapper >}}
```

> Limit the results to the first 6 rows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sort and limit results

Use the `ORDER BY` and `LIMIT` clauses to first sort results by specified columns,
then limit the sorted results by a specified number.
```

```sql
SELECT "water_level","location", "time"
FROM "h2o_feet" 
ORDER BY 1, 2
LIMIT 6

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```sql
SELECT
  "water_level", "location", "time"
FROM
  "h2o_feet" 
ORDER BY
  "water_level" DESC
LIMIT
  3
```
~~~

> Results:
> 
> | location     | time                     | water_level |
> | :----------- | :----------------------- | ----------- |
> | coyote_creek | 2019-08-28T14:30:00.000Z | -0.61       |
> | coyote_creek | 2019-08-29T15:18:00.000Z | -0.594      |
> | coyote_creek | 2019-08-28T14:36:00.000Z | -0.591      |
> | coyote_creek | 2019-08-28T14:24:00.000Z | -0.587      |
> | coyote_creek | 2019-08-29T15:24:00.000Z | -0.571      |
> | coyote_creek | 2019-08-27T13:42:00.000Z | -0.561      |
> 
> The query returns the first 6 rows in the `h2o_feet` measurement by `water_level` and `location`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< expand-wrapper >}}
{{% expand "View example results" %}}
The query returns the highest 3 `water_level` readings in the `h2o_feet` measurement.

| location     | time                     | water_level |
| :----------- | :----------------------- | ----------- |
| coyote_creek | 2019-08-27T13:42:00.000Z | -0.561      |
| coyote_creek | 2019-08-29T15:24:00.000Z | -0.571      |
| coyote_creek | 2019-08-28T14:24:00.000Z | -0.587      |
{{% /expand %}}
{{< /expand-wrapper >}}
```
